Local transcription: faster-whisper (model=small, English, vad_filter=ON).
Comparable quality to desktop Whisper; differs from chunked Google Speech API.

Plain text (no timestamps):

You can be like, oh, customize the page so it's like, themed in like a sci-fi or like being like, I guess, whatever you guys want. I like the colors and what do you think? Yeah, it's possible too. Rather than having it with a grid layout, I can scroll through all the videos. Probably. Probably. And you? I feel like that would be like how I would like to do too. So he's more real. Or like, I can turn my videos. Swipe like left or right? Make it like Tinder? Oh my god. So left or video? So left or video? No, no, but I... Think about how good that would be. That would be pretty funny. Yeah. Oh, shoot. I mean, it still needs like... Kind of... It's like, that's like a big thing. It still looks really nice. Can you do like techy vibes or like... Yeah, sure. Like, just like anything that's like not... A simple preset. Can you give it like a pre-stored vibe? I don't even know this vibe. Yeah. Like dinosaurs. What was the word prompt? Pre-stored. It's like dinosaurs. Yeah. Oh, okay. And now like you can see... Do you like it? Yeah. It's good. Yeah. And then like... Yeah. And then you can also change the like video... Like... Yeah. Like you can be like... Oh, like in the afternoons can you show me like jazz playlists and no chores? At dinner, like I want to see like blah, blah, blah. Like whatever. Could you like... Like just like use a scale of one to five to kind of rank how things are just So we have like... Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like one to six... Yeah. Change. I don't know if it's going to take six... Yeah. Change it to like orange. Change the background to orange. Yeah. And then I'm nose to orange. Yeah. I can't put it wrong there. I don't know. Like what do you want to see? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like just the type of video. I want to see music playlists. Like I want to see like... Only tech. Only tech. Only tech. Tech. Yeah. I don't know if it knows the code. It might have tools actually from the API code. Oh. It's not 106. Oh, okay. I guess. It's okay. It's not our thing. It's the LLMs. I feel like the time thing doesn't really make much sense either. Yeah. So... But I think it works for like... So... Like... Something that I thought was like... It was like... Huh. I don't know what it was. Oh. What model do you use now? I don't know. Cause like... Everything else like... I don't think they have like... As good APIs for like... Tool usage. Mm-hmm. Do you think they can sign in with their own account? Like do like... Like a guest profile or something? I mean like... Right now on my computer I have like the cookies configured to apply. Oh. So yeah. But like... I guess we can like... Add that. And like... I guess I would like... Something that's like... Not... Running on local hosts. Yeah. I think it'd be super cool if... It could remember like... Context of what you like. For example. Yeah. We store it in the database. Yeah. So I don't know how... Yeah. Try reading it. Don't be injected into the algorithm of the app that... You know. It has like... It caches like the chat history. And so it gets the full context when you're sending another request. Also like... We save like... The users like... Like credentials. And then their like... Preferences in a database. So then when I like... Reload the page or like... I can completely quit the program and then reopen it. And then it'll like... Load this. Or like in my like... Reference like a previous version that I'm like... Oh like I want it back to not... Steam. Like it'll do that. Alright. What do you guys think you're gonna work on that? There's like making this more... We thought about like applying it to another website. I guess like... Making sure like more features work on it. I think also like making the transitions kind of smoother. So it looks more like... More modern rather than just like a flash and everything. Yeah. I think it's more like a... Maybe a sequential changing. Yeah. So it's only YouTube for now? Yeah. We are trying on YouTube. It's not YouTube. It's a... It's a... Oh really? We what? It's not real. It's not real. Yeah. I was gonna like... Can you refresh? I was curious. Are you like editing the sort like... Interesting. Interesting. Yeah. Our like goal is to... Or like the pitch is that we would work with the companies And then like give them an STK Like wrap their existing components in. But then like this like... We clearly don't have access to like YouTube source code So we just like made them lock. Yeah. And then put our wrapper over it. What's the STK written in? What's the STK written in? Oh like that's like our goal. But like we don't... Like this isn't an STK. Okay. I mean it can be used in like personal websites Like for like the blog posts and like... It's basically... So we have different demographics And even like you know... Like an old person engaging with the... Like lots of information versus a young person Like a special large generation There are like different kind of aspects that we want to focus So maybe like you know... Like we kind of ask the like a user How you wanna see the website And based on your preferences And like it's not only the algorithm It's also kind of the UX design of the website So in this way everyone kind of Host the service in their personal website maybe To you know like kind of show Like how other people want to see it Instead of just okay you want to see it like this Yeah. It's very late but it's updated. So like I asked you for like tech reviews So that now it's like... I think like... Like is it demo? Is it demo? Yeah. I think like some questions I wanted to ask is like... How useful do you think it is? I think it's pretty useful for your life. I think it'd be cool to see it applied in other things as well. Yeah. Which website? Which kind of website? I feel like Instagram is one of the most... Instagram is a bunch of stuff that I just don't want to see. Yeah. Most of you add to this. You can't really... Yeah. I don't think you can do that for friends. Maybe not for grouping ads but like I feel like something that's like Consumer and like product like intersection is like... Like for example... I don't want to see ads on this. Like I want to see it like if you're like advertising like XYZ Yeah, I want to see more of that. Like I don't want to see this. Yeah. For example like Wikipedia. You can maybe design the Wikipedia. It's the same in facts but like you know If you want to scroll the information in a different way Or you know for like... Or you know I mean it can be like a paper reading place Like you know in archives basically it can focus on like Present the information to you as you want to consume it And or like any e-commerce basically if you are buying something Kind of prepares all of the website and the narrative of the website Based on who you are Like if you are buying a sport shoes And if you're a tennis player It kind of pulls up all of that necessary information products For a tennis player viewing the website Not like a just normal runner So it's more like a... It's fine tuned to the user But I think it depends on what is the pipeline of data is flowing So we initially thought Is it like we are tracking the user's information Or and then we realize maybe we have to chat with the user And get that information And then change the website based on that So is it go to like retain users' attention? Sorry, oh what? Is it go to retain users' attention for like the network? Oh, I don't know actually Like it can be a company uses it What can be okay make this advertisement more appealing to this user And what they want to see to make them buy this product So it doesn't have to maybe attention Maybe just like, you know Make the website such as for that user So they for sure, you know buy So it's like an echo chamber That's what I'm thinking I'm not very, you know In favor of just guiding that project to that direction But it can be like, you know Like with people who have neurodiverny juices Maybe they can use growth cycling Available to take to their art display They can benefit from it I've seen that they could It would be bad for the world It would be lavoable These guys talk about it They have like a mouse that adapts They just launched this one yesterday Oh Like so the new UI is like a mouse That adapts to the website Or like it really shows you both Like you should Oh interesting Very interesting Very interesting Like thinking machine has like An action model But it's out yet Yeah, but I think it's really my choice I think you guys could take inspiration from that Yeah, what was the name of it? Let me put it out What just came out yesterday Oh it's you know basically Phone is gone now So much phone Google decided to use very simple What kind of power for mouse adapting mouse Like adapting mouse like based on the website That's very interesting Adapting mouse Like the mouse Can you imagine mouse order for the AI era? Oh Have you seen it? No, but like It just came out yesterday It looks like a good feature So it's like Like you can type to the mouse Oh And it's like you know change Really change Like what you guys are doing like adapting UX Like really what it's doing Yeah maybe you know That's a good inspiration actually Not like the website is changing But like the mouse is kind of changing things Yeah There's something called clicky as well That's awesome Maybe they realized the API or something You can like change like Oh I see They have an API for this It will help us a lot Yeah That's true It lifts the you know It lifts the burden from us Yeah And now you combine that But it's actually one of them Bro So basically So basically without any like Conversation it does this Like what is the Like how does it know I'm changing The UX design of it Because user tells it I think you still have to I think you still have to Chat type it You chat it Oh yeah Oh okay But I think that the benefit there is like If you're able to keep user personalization On top of that Whenever someone reloads that page It brings back with Yeah I think you said That you can talk to the state Unless my contacts with that For our project maybe We can you know in the very Long term not the final But like you know it can be Conversational thing too Like you know You should get with it too You should build it so you can Get approached by them Oh I was giving it Oh we're getting feedback Yeah We're getting feedback Because there is like a depth of UX You know Yeah And How does this relationship work We can adapt this Exactly Yeah Can you remind me of your team Yeah Wow Thank you for this This is very very very Very useful feedback No good timeline What happened? He didn't like his team last year That last quarter And I dropped it to us He asked me for my name I was like It's a good timeline guys Timeline? You know They just released it yesterday Oh You didn't get posted though Like every day I start up It's like Can just you know Oh you finally got it up right You know They just check if they haven't Like access
